Update `.quickstart.yml` and `README` (#76)
fivetran/dbt_github: README.md

¹ Each Quickstart transformation job run materializes these models if all components of this data model are enabled. This count includes all staging, intermediate, and final models materialized as `view`, `table`, or `incremental`.

---

## Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran Github connection syncing data into your destination.
- A **BigQuery**, **Snowflake**, **Redshift**, **PostgreSQL**, or **Databricks** destination.

## How do I use the dbt package?
You can either add this dbt package in the Fivetran dashboard or import it into your dbt project:

> - To add the package in the Fivetran dashboard, follow our [Quickstart guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To add the package in the Fivetran dashboard, follow our [Quickstart guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/data-models/quickstart-management#quickstartmanagement).
```

    tables: # copy and paste from github/models/staging/src_github.yml - see https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/yaml-anchors/ for how to use anchors to only do so once
```

> > **Note**: If there are source tables you do not have (see [Disable models for non-existent sources](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_github?tab=readme-ov-file#step-4-disable-models-for-non-existent-sources)), you may still include them, as long as you have set the right variables to `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If there are source tables you do not have (see [Disable models for non-existent sources](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_github?tab=readme-ov-file#disable-models-for-non-existent-sources)), you may still include them, as long as you have set the right variables to `False`.
```
